I am Togo.
I was appointed by the Emperor Meiji on January 4, 15th.
I am grateful to the soldiers in the military.
Today is the 50th anniversary of the war.
It is a special day for the military.
However, this is a special day for all the people of Japan.
This is a special day for all the people of Japan.
The Japanese military's resolve has become a resolve.
For 50 years, I have been working hard to return to the Japanese capital.
I have come to this day.
I will not stop until today.
I will cross the future forever.
I believe that the Imperial Army will be able to achieve great success.
However, the Japanese military is afraid of the Japanese army.
The Japanese military is the army of the Emperor.
The Emperor is the leader of the military.
I am grateful to the soldiers.
There are many relative matters.
The central goal of the military and
the academic goals are different.
The only thing I can do is read the military nowadays.
Do you understand?
I am eating the small fish
Bring the rice and make it feel alive.
I am sitting on a died fish.
I am sitting on a dead fish.
The rice is separating.
I am eating the small fish.
The rice is getting bigger.
I do not understand.
work hard and my heart will be contented.